All right so we were able to relate our common to posts here.
So what we want to do next is first of all fits this little column right here.
And then we want to be able to do that the lead cross crud from this window here.
So when we click on this link we want to be able to delete the Comet just like we did with the polls
right here.
All right.
So let's go in and fix that first.
And then also take this class out of here.
That's a class on the comments link there but that's going to fix this column first.
And we're going to go to admin includes view or comments that BHB.
And here we're going to take this edit out of there since we're not going to be editing comments as
go back refresh.
That's Fit.
Let's go to the navigation fix that real quick before we make that crud.
And I want to go in to add me navigation.
Let's look for
comments that we can see far fast.
So any comment is down here somewhere.
There we go.
And it shows how a class of active let's just go ahead and take that off because that's confusing us
right now.
All right.
Perfect.
So let's go to the view or common area code in the source page and the source code view or comments
that BHB and let's add the functionality to matter of fact this page already has the functionality we
just have to kind of modify it a little bit.
As you can see here if you go all the way to the bottom says we copy this from the view of Polsce that
BHP page we got some of that functionality here too.
So we just got to change a couple of things and we're just going to say the comment Id that's fine.
And change you hear Make sure you change it and we are going to be the leading from comments where come
in ID.
And that's going to be in a column in the table comment.
He calls this idea that we're going to be picking up from the get requests.
We are going to be making when we click on this link just like we did in the View Post page.
Right.
So I think we're good here.
Let's check it out.
Let's go up to here and let's change this two comments.
All right.
Comments that BHP we're going to send the same parameter delete and the only thing is that we are going
to be changing.
We're going to be put in an I.D. here and we are going to be using these I.D. right here.
All right.
So I know that and here we've got to come and put this here.
Perfect.
So now that when we go there one more thing that we need to do is we need to reload this every time
is submitted.
All right.
So that way we can refresh the page and we can see the action happening right away.
Comment up ph.
So we know it basically we send this query after we are done with this then we send the page again to
comments just to do like a little refresh.
All right.
So let's check it out real quick.
We click on delete.
Done.
Beautiful.
So now our crowd is actually working it.
Let's do it one more time.
And we got no comment.
Now we have to make some comments.
All right.
So while I take a coffee break why don't you go ahead and click on any post and make a couple of comments
so we can have it there and do some more.
All right.
So when I come back we're going to be doing some more crud.
I think we're going to be doing the edit and edit and approve and their own approve.
OK.
So anyway thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next lecture.
Take care.